README.md, before:

# Celestis

A space game inspired by [Solar 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/97000/Solar_2/)

## Motivation

Solar 2 is a great and fun game, but it's too simple and lacks multiplayer.

We plan to expand the Solar 2 idea to another level.

## Goals

- Reallistic celestial bodies
- Reallistic lighting and gravity
- Life evolution on planets
- Planet management
- Spaceships management
- Solar system buildings
- Alliances
- Wars

## Game Design

- [Game Design](gdd.md)

## Chat

You can join in our Matrix [here](https://matrix.to/#/#foss-supremacy-join:matrix.org).

(Once you join, request for an invite to the Matrix space)

You can also join in our Discord server [here](https://discord.gg/d9ca4U64H4).

## Bugs

If you want to send a bug report, open an issue with "(Bug)" before the title.

## Requests and Suggestions

### Features

If you have a feature request, open an issue with "(Feature request)" before the title.

### Suggestion

If you have a suggestion, open an issue with "(Suggestion)" before the title.

## How to Clone and Build

- Download the repository and game assets

```sh
git clone https://github.com/FOSS-Supremacy/celestis
```

- Download the [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) 4.x version (normal variant, not C#)
- Export the executable to your operating system

## How To Contribute

- Give a start to this repository, it will increase our chances to receive contributions.
- Download the [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) 4.x version (normal variant, not C#)
- Verify the open issues and select some item to work on
- Once ready, send a pull request (if you are adding commits on the PR branch, mark it as draft status)
- Send the link of your pull requests on the "Pull Requests" channel/room on [Discord](https://discord.gg/tk6Vnxv9Qt) or [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/!vIwqjDewTZpciZqhEp:matrix.org?via=matrix.org).
- We don't accept C# code

## Donate

If you want to support our work, consider a donation, every amount is important.

- [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/foss_supremacy)
- [Bitcoin](https://bitcoin.org)

```
bc1qg9x5vzr4ppkm2ssw5k7ete4lu49wg7t02azkce
```

Commit message:

Add scenes, scripts and screenshots

README.md, after:

# Celestis

A space game inspired by [Solar 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/97000/Solar_2/)

## Motivation

Solar 2 is a great and fun game, but it's too simple and lacks multiplayer.

We plan to expand the Solar 2 idea to another level.

## Why Godot?

The Godot engine allows you to save a lot of time in development because of the node system, where the relationship between the game components is very easily and fast to implement things.

Also because of GDScript, the Godot scripting language allows you to write less code to implement things.

## Screenshots

![Screenshot](screenshots/image1.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/image2.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/image3.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/image4.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/image5.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/image6.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/image7.png)

## Goals

- Reallistic celestial bodies
- Reallistic lighting and gravity
- Life evolution on planets
- Planet management
- Spaceships management
- Solar system buildings
- Alliances
- Wars

## Game Design

- [Game Design](gdd.md)

## Controls

- Arrow Keys/WASD - Move the player's planet
- I - Move the free camera up
- K - Move the free camera down
- J - Move the free camera left
- L - Move the free camera right

## Chat

You can join in our Matrix [here](https://matrix.to/#/#foss-supremacy-join:matrix.org).

(Once you join, request for an invite to the Matrix space)

You can also join in our Discord server [here](https://discord.gg/d9ca4U64H4).

## Bugs

If you want to send a bug report, open an issue with "(Bug)" before the title.

## Requests and Suggestions

### Features

If you have a feature request, open an issue with "(Feature request)" before the title.

### Suggestion

If you have a suggestion, open an issue with "(Suggestion)" before the title.

## How to Clone and Build

- Download the repository and game assets

```sh
git clone https://github.com/FOSS-Supremacy/celestis
```

- Download the [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) 4.x version (normal variant, not C#)
- Export the executable to your operating system

## How To Contribute

- Give a start to this repository, it will increase our chances to receive contributions.
- Download the [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) 4.x version (normal variant, not C#)
- Verify the open issues and select some item to work on
- Once ready, send a pull request (if you are adding commits on the PR branch, mark it as draft status)
- Send the link of your pull requests on the "Pull Requests" channel/room on [Discord](https://discord.gg/tk6Vnxv9Qt) or [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/!vIwqjDewTZpciZqhEp:matrix.org?via=matrix.org).
- We don't accept C# code

## Donate

If you want to support our work, consider a donation, every amount is important.

- [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/foss_supremacy)
- [Bitcoin](https://bitcoin.org)

```
bc1qg9x5vzr4ppkm2ssw5k7ete4lu49wg7t02azkce
```
